a magical battleaxe which was created by the dwarves of the great dominion of Nulukkhur.
a masterwork spear which was taken from the Temple of Infernal Secrets.
a finely crafted quarterstaff engraved with runes of death. It is said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.
a magical shortbow which was taken from the barrow of the vampire Vanda.
a magical greatsword said to compel its bearer to defend Dolothler
an ornate longsword engraved with runes of power. It is said to be the key to open the Lost Vaults of Kas the Bloody.
a masterwork rapier engraved with runes of death. It was taken from the hoard of the dragon Sunazuu.
a magical greatsword engraved with runes of vengeance. It was taken from the hoard of the dragon Abum.
a masterwork greatsword which once belonged to the elf ranger Orod
a magical longbow engraved with runes of destruction. It was taken from the sepulcher of the vampire Sarniva.
a mythical trident which once belonged to the illustrious hero Burga
a mythical hammer set with amber. It is said to be the key to open the Lost Sanctum of the Vampire Queen.
a finely crafted rapier said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.
a masterwork scythe which was created by the dwarves of the great realm of Badinal.
a finely crafted rapier which once belonged to the human ranger Wene Rete
a magical halberd engraved with runes of destruction. It is said to be imbued with the spirit of the dwarf hero Kheli
a finely crafted greatsword inlaid with hepatizon. It is said to compel its bearer to defeat Sama the Deranged.
a magical greatsword said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.
a masterwork mace said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.
a finely crafted crossbow which was taken from the hoard of the dragon Hadnamzu.
a finely crafted longbow said to have once belonged to a forgotten god of war.
an ornate crossbow said to compel its bearer to defeat the Vampire of the Monge March.
an ornate morningstar which was taken from the Cyst of the Wraith Duke.
an ornate crossbow engraved with runes of vengeance. It once belonged to the legendary archer Rainarv
an ornate longsword engraved with the holy symbol of a war god. It was created by a god of war for his most loyal warlord.
a masterwork dagger inlaid with mithral. It was taken from the Secret Barrow of Aduchar the Fiendish.
a legendary crossbow engraved with runes of justice. It is said to be imbued with the spirit of the dwarf hero Hori
a finely crafted quarterstaff engraved with runes of death. It is said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.
a masterwork quarterstaff which once belonged to the great fighter Moca
a masterwork greatsword said to be imbued with the spirit of the legendary fighter Daisa
a legendary longbow which once belonged to the halfling warrior Jago
a finely crafted scythe which was taken from the hoard of the dragon Naki.
a mythical shortbow engraved with runes of vengeance. It is said to have been created to slay the Hydra of the Icewall Mountains.
a magical lance which was created by the dwarves of the great empire of Zinbaraz.
a finely crafted spear engraved with runes of power. It once belonged to the elf paladin Elrophin
a legendary battleaxe said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.
a magical dagger engraved with the holy symbol of a war god. It once belonged to the human hero Saethra
an ornate longbow which was taken from the hoard of the dragon Attenlid.