Two small eyes observe their surroundings from their enormous sockets. A thin nose rests below, but it's the wide mouth below that takes all the attention. A gummy smile reveals several large broken teeth and a thin tongue.
Wide wrinkled ears sit on each side of its long, lean head, which itself is covered in web-like fans and has two large tentacles protruding from the sides.
Its short slender body is hunched over. Two thick stone-like arms hang at its sides and end in claw-like hands with claw-like fingers, of which it has 12 in total.
Its legs are lean and are bent, each ending in muscular feet.
Its body is covered in coarse fur and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis, from which a narrow tail sways back and forth.
Three glowing eyes survey their surroundings from their bony sockets. A barely existing nose rests below, but it's the deep mouth below that takes all the attention. A creepy smile reveals several huge dull teeth and a wide tongue.
Broad flappy ears sit on each side of its average, lean head, which itself is covered in web-like fans and has two small antlers protruding from the sides.
Its low skinny body stands straight. Two broad arms hang at its sides and end in crooked hands with thin fingers, of which it has 10 in total.
Its legs are tall and are slightly bent, each ending in thin hooves.
Its body is covered in small feathers and its shoulders are about the same width as its pelvis, from which a long tail sways back and forth.
Two large eyes look at their surroundings from their scaly sockets. A narrow nose rests below, but it's the large mouth below that takes all the attention. A gentle smile reveals rows of huge teeth and a wide tongue.
Narrow flappy ears sit on each side of its average, lean head, which itself is covered in tiny hairs and has two huge horns protruding from the sides.
Its average hefty body stands straight. Two lean almost branch-like arms rest at its sides and end in stone-like hands with stubby fingers, of which it has 8 in total.
Its legs are wide and are bent, each ending in lean feet.
Its body is covered in coarse fur and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis.
Three dead eyes inspect their surroundings from their large sockets. A crooked nose rests below, but it's the normal mouth below that takes all the attention. A gentle smile reveals two small canines and a flat tongue.
Short bent ears sit on each side of its short, bony head, which itself is covered in web-like fans and has two small tentacles protruding from the sides.
Its low athletic body stands straight. Two short stone-like arms hang at its sides and end in large hands with curvy fingers, of which it has 10 in total.
Its legs are small and are bent, each ending in short feet.
Its body is covered in soft skin and its shoulders are narrower than its pelvis, from which a small tail sways back and forth.
Two hollow eyes view their surroundings from their tiny sockets. A large nose rests below, but it's the shallow mouth below that takes all the attention. A lazy smile reveals rows of crooked teeth and a forked tongue.
Wide spiky ears sit on each side of its long, squared head, which itself is covered in thin hair-like tentacles.
Its long skinny body is slightly hunched over. Two short tentacle-like arms hang at its sides and end in massive hands with curvy fingers, of which it has 6 in total.
Its legs are lean and are bent, each ending in muscular paws.
Its body is covered in slime and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis.
Two dead eyes survey their surroundings from their giant sockets. A big nose rests below, but it's the deep mouth below that takes all the attention. A thin smile reveals two small canines and a long tongue.
Tiny hanging ears sit on each side of its small, triangular head, which itself is covered in long hairs and has two stubby horns protruding from the top.
Its low fat body is slightly hunched over. Two short tentacle-like arms hang at its sides and end in webbed hands with claw-like fingers, of which it has 6 in total.
Its legs are small and stand straight, each ending in short hooves.
Its body is covered in large scales and its shoulders are broader than its pelvis, from which a forked tail sways back and forth.